docs/demo_guide/README.md, before:

# Run Offline Demo

Apollo provides a method to run simulation if you do not have the required
hardware.

Set up the docker release environment by following the instructions in the
[Install docker](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/master/docs/howto/how_to_build_and_release.md#docker)
section of the
[Build and Release](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/master/docs/howto/how_to_build_and_release.md)
page.

Setup steps:

1. Start the docker release environment using the command:

    ```
    bash docker/scripts/dev_start.sh
    ```

2. Enter the docker release environment:

    ```
    bash docker/scripts/dev_into.sh
    ```

3. Build Apollo in the Container:
    ```
    bash apollo.sh build
    ```

4. Bootstrap to start ros call and Monitor module and Dreamview
    ```
    bash bootstrap.sh
    ```

5. Now you can play the rosbag:

    ```
    sudo python docs/demo_guide/rosbag_helper.py demo_2.0.bag #download rosbag
    rosbag play demo_2.0.bag --loop
    ```

    The `--loop` option enables rosbag to keep playing the bag in a loop
    playback mode.

6. Open Chrome and go to **localhost:8888** to access Apollo Dreamview, which
   opens the screen below.
    ![](images/dv_trajectory.png)
   The car in Dreamview is happy to move around!

Congratulations!

Commit message:

Added the without gpu build statements

docs/demo_guide/README.md, after:

# Run Offline Demo

Apollo provides a method to run simulation if you do not have the required
hardware.

Set up the docker release environment by following the instructions in the
[Install docker](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/master/docs/howto/how_to_build_and_release.md#docker)
section of the
[Build and Release](https://github.com/ApolloAuto/apollo/blob/master/docs/howto/how_to_build_and_release.md)
page.

Setup steps:

1. Start the docker release environment using the command:

    ```
    bash docker/scripts/dev_start.sh
    ```

2. Enter the docker release environment:

    ```
    bash docker/scripts/dev_into.sh
    ```

3. Build Apollo in the Container:
    ```
    bash apollo.sh build
    ```
    `Note:` If you do not have a GPU, you can use the following script instead

    ```
    bash apollo.sh build_cpu
    ```
4. Bootstrap to start ros call and Monitor module and Dreamview
    ```
    bash bootstrap.sh
    ```

5. Now you can play the rosbag:

    ```
    sudo python docs/demo_guide/rosbag_helper.py demo_2.0.bag #download rosbag
    rosbag play demo_2.0.bag --loop
    ```

    The `--loop` option enables rosbag to keep playing the bag in a loop
    playback mode.

6. Open Chrome and go to **localhost:8888** to access Apollo Dreamview, which
   opens the screen below.
    ![](images/dv_trajectory.png)
   The car in Dreamview is happy to move around!

Congratulations!
